# Meeting Minutes 12 - 20th March 2024 - 8PM

## Present Members
* Khaled Elshokri
* Omar Hassanein
* Kyle Rasinger
* Thomas Mejia
* Ahmed Obeid
* Viktor Dimitrov

## Topics Discussed
1. Discussing Progress of Team 
2. Solutions To Blockings
3. To Do in Next Session

### Discussing Progress of Team
* Thomas: done with the postal code and branch assignment.
* Khaled: Confirm booking along with payment process are done. Email confirmation process is not done yet. We need emailJS subscription. 
* Kyle: With the backend and API for the check-in & check-out page. 
* Viktor: Started implementing the check-in check-out page, has a blocking regarding how to add the rental agreement
* Ahmed: Sequence Diagram and Activity diagrams are done. 
* Omar: Started check-in and check-out flags, has blockings in the code. Debugging is necessary.

### Solutions To Blockings
* Car rental agreeement was added to the ckeck-out page. Viktor's problem is solved.
* The code was debugged by Omar through code review by Kyle. Together, the found the error in the code for the ckeck-in flag. Then, Omar was able to successfully implement the check-out flag code.

### To Do in Next Session:
* Implement Sprint 3 features.   
