# Meeting Minutes 11 - 18th March 2024 - 8PM

## Present Members
* Khaled Elshokri
* Omar Hassanein
* Kyle Rasinger
* Thomas Mejia
* Ahmed Obeid
* Viktor Dimitrov

## Topics Discussed
1. Discussing Progress of Team 
2. Reviewing Sprint 3 Guidelines
3. Assigning Sprint 3 Tasks
4. To Do in Next Session


### Discussing Progress of Team
* Assessed progress up to date with respect to sprint 2 instructions: what has been fully done, what partially and what hasn't.

### Reviewing Sprint 3 Guidelines
* We will focus only on the essential features. First, we will finish what is unfinished from sprint 2, The first feature to be finished from sprint 2 is implementing the backend for the 3 ‘cards’ on the landing page: client, customer service or admin, i.e. linking each card to the corresponding page. 
* Then, develop and implement each core feature for sprint 3. Such a feature is finding the nearest branch by postal code. This will be available only on the client ‘card’ on the landing page.
* User gives a postal code, it is converted to address, address is stored in the database, and each car will be associated to an address/branch. 

### Assigning Sprint 3 Tasks
Tasks were assigned to each member.
1. In Process 1: 
* Thomas: Client provides a postal and the nearest branch is assigned to him. 
* Khaled: Confirm booking, user payment information and email confirmation for user. 
2. In Process 2: 
* Viktor: Page displaying pick up and drop off information to user, along with reservation information. 
* Omar: Check-in flag in CSR (customer service) view.
3. In Process 3:
* Kyle: All backend (including API) on Viktor’s page. 
* Omar: Check-out flag set to true when the check-out is done. 
* Khaled: Banking process.
* Ahmed: Sequence diagram and Activity diagram.


### To Do in Next Session:
* Implement Sprint 3 features.   
