# Meeting Minutes 14 - April 1st 2024 - 8PM

## Present Members
* Khaled Elshokri
* Omar Hassanein
* Kyle Rasinger
* Thomas Mejia
* Ahmed Obeid
* Viktor Dimitrov

## Topics Discussed
1. Discussing Sprint 3 Leftovers
2. Discussing Sprint 4 Guidelines
3. To Do in Next Session

### Discussing Sprint 3 Leftovers
* The about us page needs to be completed. The Admin View needs to be completed. 

### Discussing Sprint 4 Guidelines
* Java linter in Pipeline already doing the job. (doesnâ€™t work but is still there). 
* We already have the correct organization for the repository. 
* Implement the text to speech feature. 
* We need to do Code Review on the repository.
* After all features have been implemented, some refactoring of the code will be required. 

### To Do in Next Session:
* Assign tasks to each member and start working on sprint 4.  
