# Meeting Minutes 10 - 8th March 2024 - 7PM

## Present Members
* Khaled Elshokri
* Omar Hassanein
* Kyle Rasinger
* Thomas Mejia
* Ahmed Obeid
* Viktor Dimitrov

## Topics Discussed
1. Discussing Progress of Team 
2. Reviewing Sprint 2 Submission
3. Features in next Sprint
4. To Do in Next Session

### Discussing Progress of Team 
* Assessed progress up to date with respect to sprint 2 instructions: what has been fully done, what partially and what hasn't. 

### Reviewing Sprint 2 Submission
* Assigned tasks to each member for Sprint 2 wrapping-up and submission.
* Viktor: Update meeting minutes.
* Ahmed: Plan for sprint 3.
* Omar: The continuous-integration pipeline.
* Kyle: User stories and tasks for features.
* Thomas & Khaled: Write 2 acceptance tests.
* Everyone: Detailed log of work, implement features for current sprint. 

### Features in next Sprint
* We should have admin page, for which we do request and can add a car displayed. 
* In frontend, we will do put request. The client server will package the info and return a response. 
* Have a well-structured and working website.

### To Do in Next Session:
* Discuss Sprint 3 instructions  
